h1. txp-minimum

Minimum theme for "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com.

A huge *thank you* goes to "Amit Varia":http://amitvaria.com/, who inspired this theme as well as "Phil Wareham":http://www.philwareham.co.uk/, who added a great deal of magic touch.

Minimum is a minimal theme that focuses on enabling you to publish your writings. The following are not supported out of the box but feel free to add them as required:

* use comments
* use categories, sections or tags
* use article images (technically you can use images inside articles, just no article image)
* include a contact form
* hook up to social networks or have sharing buttons
* show off a massive link collection

Minimum is a theme that lets you write. It embraces "the golden ratio":http://alistapart.com/article/more-meaningful-typography. What else would you need?

h2. Installation

Getting up and running is a breeze. Minimum 1.4 upwards works on Textpattern 4.7.x. 

# Place the entire @minimum@ folder in the @themes@ folder of your textpattern directory.
# Visit "Presentation › Themes":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/themes-panel and import the minimum theme from the drop-down.
# Visit "Presentation › Sections":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/sections-panel and switch the theme used to "minimum".

It would also be advisable to set the advanced preference 'Prevent widowed words in article titles?' to 'No', otherwise long title wording could potentially spill out of your responsive page on narrow screen widths.

In order to make the most of your shiny new slide-out drawer (introduced in version 1.2) you should do the following:

# Create a new section called @about@ (the actual title may vary, just make sure _name_ is @about@)
# Create a new article with an excerpt about yourself, and publish it in the @about@ section
# You can also assign an optional article image to the about article - dimensions are 64x64 pixels (if you wish to have a HiDPI image then load it into Textpattern at 128x128 pixels, it will be scaled down accordingly). It will only be displayed in the slide-out drawer!
# Create a new link category called @social-media@
# Create as many links as you like and assign them to the category @social-media@
# If you wish, you can also directly edit the content of the form @minimum_drawer@ to suit your own needs

h2. More Information

Have a look at "minimum.yauh.de":http://minimum.yauh.de (currently unavailable) for some more information about the theme.

*PS:* Since Minimum is so limited in what it does, changing most preference settings does not have much of an effect. It is, however, suggested that you have nice URLs (/article should be just fine) and disable the comments.

h2. Changelog

* *v1.4* – Update for Textpattern v4.7.
** Files reorganised and renamed
** Included javascript from CDNs updated
** Google Plus removed (as closed down by Google)
** Minor modifications
** Plugins no longer needed
